OKTA-459416 Custom Self-Service Pwd Recovery Guide for Java (#3292)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-use-case-custom-pwd-recovery-mfa/main/aspnet/sdk.md

### 1: Initiate password recovery

> The user starts the password recovery flow with the following steps:

Author: fixed

1. Click the **Forgot Password?** link on the sign-in page.

> 2. Enter their **Email or Username** in the dialog and then clicks **Next**.

Author: fixed

> 3. Choose **Email** as the authenticator they want to use for password recovery and clicks **Submit**.

Author: fixed

> 3. Chooses **Email** as the authenticator they want to use for password recovery and clicks **Submit**.

Author: Based on talk in Slack I've switched these back to without an s.

> 3. Chooses **Email** as the authenticator they want to use for password recovery and clicks **Submit**.

Reviewer: Same, remove this.

> Okta then sends an email to the email address that matches the Forgot Password template that was altered earlier.

Author: That's fair. I'll include that the email matches the template as well but add this too.

> Okta then sends an email to the email address that matches the Forgot Password template that was altered earlier.

Reviewer: This is the key bit of information that the developer cares about... after the user requests a reset, the Okta org sends something. Perhaps: 
```suggestion
After the developer requests a password reset, Okta sends an email that uses the Forgot Password template (that was altered earlier).
```

Ideally, this text belongs in the section on updating the Forgot Password template. Whether it goes before or after modifying the template, I'm not sure.

> After the user completes these steps, Okta verifies that an account exists for the user using the information they entered in step 2 above. If the account exists, Okta then sends a recovery email that matches the Forgot Password template that was altered earlier to the associated email address.

Author: fixed

<div class="common-image-format">

![Screenshot of email sent to user](/img/advanced-use-cases/custom-pwd-recovery-custom-email.png "Customized Password Recovery Diagram")

</div>

> The email's **Reset Password** link includes the `otp` and `request.relayState` variables sent back as query parameters to the application. For instance, the URL in the email template,  `http://localhost:8080/magic-link/callback?otp=${oneTimePassword}&state=${request.relayState}`, might be rendered as `http://localhost:8080/magic-link/callback?otp=726009&state=1b34371af02dd31d2bc4c48a3607cd32` in the email sent to the user.

Author: @mauricesharp-okta The discussion of the request.relayState and changing the email tempalte is earlier in index.md in the section "Update the Forgot Password email template". You can indeed change the email to anything you like as long as the URL that the Reset Password link links back to is correct and contains the oneTimePassword and request.RelayState values included as query parameters.

> The email's **Reset Password** link includes the `otp` and `request.relayState` variables sent back as query parameters to the application. For instance, the URL in the email template,  `http://localhost:8080/magic-link/callback?otp=${oneTimePassword}&state=${request.relayState}`, might be rendered as `http://localhost:8080/magic-link/callback?otp=726009&state=1b34371af02dd31d2bc4c48a3607cd32` in the email sent to the user.

Reviewer: This is a bit unclear. How about:
```suggestion
The reset password link in the email link includes variables for the `otp` and `request.relayState` which are sent in query parameters to ?your/the? application. For example, in the email setnt to the user, the URL `http://localhost:8080/magic-link/callback?otp=726009&state=1b34371af02dd31d2bc4c48a3607cd32` results from an email template URL of `http://localhost:8080/magic-link/callback?otp=${oneTimePassword}&state=${request.relayState}`, an OTP of `726009`, and a relay state of `1b34371af02dd31d2bc4c48a3607cd32`.
```
